docs: create reusable content for how to install guide and the tutorial (#433)
canonical/pebble: docs/reuse/common-blocks.md

> Start: Install Pebble binary

Reviewer: Can we create these files with more specific names? I also wonder if it's more discoverable to have one file per snippet? Does the directory need to be called "reuse"? For example, I'm thinking:

```
docs/common/install.md
docs/common/verify.md
```

> 1. Visit the [latest release page](https://github.com/canonical/pebble/releases/latest) to get the latest tag.

Reviewer: Because just visiting the page won't "get" the tag. You have to know what you're looking for and find it, so slight wording tweak:

```suggestion
1. Visit the [latest release page](https://github.com/canonical/pebble/releases/latest) to determine the latest tag, for example, `v1.12.0`.
```

Author: In the previous discussion with Anne, we changed "find" to "get", but I do agree that although it's the latest release page instead of the page containing multiple releases, you'd still need to kind of "find" it, it's not like curling the URL then get the tag alone as a response.

I think the suggested modification is indeed better, I will rephrase it.

> 2. Run the following commands to download the file. Make sure to replace `v1.12.0` with the latest tag and `amd64` with your architecture.

Reviewer: There are three commands here that download, extract, and install, but then you have them repeated again in steps 3 and 4. I'd suggested remove them here, and just say "Run the following command ..." (singular).

    ```bash
    wget https://github.com/canonical/pebble/releases/download/v1.12.0/pebble_v1.12.0_linux_amd64.tar.gz
    tar zxvf pebble_v1.12.0_linux_amd64.tar.gz
    sudo mv pebble /usr/local/bin/
    ```
3. Extract the contents of the downloaded file by running:
    ```bash
    tar zxvf pebble_v1.12.0_linux_amd64.tar.gz
    ```

> 4. Install the Pebble binary. Make sure it's included in your system's `PATH` environment variable.

Reviewer: It's a bit unclear what "it" refers to here. Perhaps (Pebble binary itself, or `/usr/local/bin`?). Maybe:

```suggestion
4. Install the Pebble binary. Make sure the installation directory is included in your system's `PATH` environment variable.
```

    ```bash
    sudo mv pebble /usr/local/bin/
    ```

End: Install Pebble binary

Start: Verify Pebble installation

Once the installation is complete, verify that `pebble` has been installed correctly by running:

```bash
pebble
```

This should produce output similar to the following:

```{terminal}
   :input: pebble
   :user: user
   :host: host

>    :dir: ~

Reviewer: Do we need to have the `user@host~` prefix (here and elsewhere)? I've usually seen most docs just show the default `$` here, for example: https://cli.github.com/

Author: It's in the [canonical style guide](https://canonical-documentation-with-sphinx-and-readthedocscom.readthedocs-hosted.com/style-guide-myst/#terminal-output), let's keep it to be consistent with other canonical docs? (Also to be completely honest I don't know how to remove the `user@host` part, apparently removing it doesn't work, LOL).

Reviewer: Okay, not sure what value it adds, but if it's consistent with Canonical style, that's fine then.
